Josh:
    I think we should have an easily comprehendable way to show the history rather than just listing out the times and locations.
    I also think that we should make a place where you can see the status of all your packages at the same time rather than having to check each one individually
    As far as what i can contribute i havent done anything like this before so im not entirely sure. I know C++ and python and the only database i ever used was 
    microsoft access in a class I took at lonestar like 4 or 5 years ago. I think i am pretty good at coding and debugging though so i should be able to 
    contribute a sizeable amount there
  
Morrison Fowlks
    1. Ideas:

    Entity: Packages, customers, tracking
    Attributes:
    Packages: going in and out of the post office (Time and Location), where they are going (location and name of receiver), and who is sending them (customer name)

    Customers: Name, Address, age, Special package being sent?

    Tracking: current location, past location, total progress of shipment?

    2. Contribution Preferences: 
    I’m personally willing to do anything! I love learning new languages, and am very interested in the User interface aspect of this assignment. 
    I am mostly familiar with Python, C++, and Ruby; also loving data science as a whole. 

Andy Nguyen
    1. I looked at what ideas were presemted already and i agree with what we have so far.
    Some things I could add onto what we have already is having the packages be assigned to customers, tracking times, having an order #, 
    and maybe an order history for customers to see.
    Something else to consider is returns or cancelled or lost packages.

    2. I am willing to do anything as well as I do not have much experience in databases. I know c++ and python.


Son
    - Initialize pkg: 
        + ask customer's info, if email not already in db, create an entry; if already in db, get customer ID and store in sender field
        + request delivery info
        + fields auto complete by sys: employee id, time sent, tracking #, status
    -  search tracking number:
        + if employee: 


Professor:
    Looks good.  Think about this – in a typical courier/post office setting, the customer can be either a sender or a recipient.  So, there are types of customers.  
    Same goes for employees – there are different types of employees in an organization. Also, as we have discussed in the class, think of details of attributes.  
    For eg., the ‘address’ attribute if set up as a string of 30 characters, does not give me any way to process and analyze that data, if I want to generate a 
    report of how many packages were sent to a particular ZIP code last month.  So, think of the details when you are designing attributes of entities.
    
    As regards recipients vs. senders of packages...   All of them are customers of your post office/courier service.  
    Today's recipient may be tomorrow's sender of packages.  Also, you want more than just email for the recipient, as you need other 
    data about recipients to run reports on how many packages were delivered to a particular city in the last year.  
